---
id: v2
title: Changelog (v2)
---

2.3.4
-----

- Docs moved to `docs` folder

- Fixes

  - push instead of unshift for `api.attachInvokedContractForMintToken`.
  - getPrices patch.
  - update export name for `TxAttrUsage`.
  - Fix transaction attribute deserialization.
  - Fix _emitNum emitting trimmed hex numbers.
  - clean neonDB input numbers
  - Fix `TxAttrUsage` not being imported properly.

2.3.0
-----

- Smart Contract

  - Add OpCodes `APPEND` and `REVERSE`.

- API

  - Add `getPrices` to get multiple token prices with a single API call.
  - Update parsing of `api/getToken` to include case of empty string for parsing the `decimals` field.
  - Update `doMintToken` to include extra information required for future invokes.

    - This is in preparation of the upcoming changes for minting NEP5 tokens.

  - Implement the API switch.

    - This internal switch allows control over priority of API server.
    - Set to 0 for neoscan priority, 1 for neonDB priority. Setting it in the middle results in a random choice.
    - Switch will dynamically choose whichever server that respond better. A failure will start tilting the switch towards the other server. Freezing the switch will prevent this dynamic behavior.
    - This is currently not fully exposed but will be in the future.

    ```js
    import {api} from '@cityofzion/neon-js'
    api.setApiSwitch(0)
    api.sendAsset(config) // sendAsset, claimGas and doInvoke will default to use neoscan first
    api.setApiSwitch(1)
    api.doInvoke(config) // This call will default to use neonDB first

    // This freezes the switch, preventing it from changing dynamically.
    // You still can change it with setApiSwitch.
    api.setSwitchFreeze(true)
    ```

- Fixes

  - Fix `core.signTransaction` to check if input is a HEX private key.
  - Fix NEP5 tokens to parse by `decimals` field.
  - Fix default values for invocation exclusive component.

- Others

  - Add docs build information to readme.

2.2.2
-----

- Fix `nep5/doTransferToken`

2.2.1
-----

-Fix `fixed82num` not accepting empty string

2.2.0
-----

- Wallet

  - Implementation of NEP-6 standard as `wallet.Wallet`
  - Move NEP2 constants to CONST
  - encrypt/decrypt has an extra optional scrypt argument
  - Deprecate wallet.encryptWifAccount, wallet.generateEncryptedWif, wallet.encryptWIF, wallet.decryptWIF

  ```js
  import Neon, {wallet} from '@cityofzion/neon-js'
  const w1 = Neon.create.wallet()
  const w2 = new wallet.Wallet()
  ```

- Account

  - Add label and extra to Account
  - Add functions encrypt and decrypt to Account

- Transaction

  - Transaction creation will now move coins used from `unspent` to `spent` and add the new coins in `unconfirmed`.
  - `api.sendTx` now moves coins from `unconfirmed` to `unspent`.
  - This means that we can create 2 transactions in a single block without blocking each other. Previously, the 2 transactions will attempt to use the same coins.

- API

  - Add `api.getToken` which is a combination of `api.getTokenInfo` and `api.getTokenBalance`, allowing for simple info retrieval within a single call. This is exposed semantically as `Neon.get.token`.
  - Bugfix CoinMarketCap truncating prices to integers.
  - Bugfix doTransferToken sending gas to wrong address and appending wrong item to txid when successful (was appending the full tx instead).
  - Catch getTokenBalance error when using an address with no balance.

- RPC

  - Add `VMZip` method. This allows for individual parsing of VM results. Do note that this method produces a parsing function. It is not to be used directly.

```js
import {rpc, u} from '@cityofzion/neon-js'
const parsingFunc = rpc.VMZip(u.hexstring2ab, u.fixed82num)
rpc.Query.invoke(script).parseWith(parsingFunc)
```

- Utils

  - Add `hexstring2str` method.

2.1.0
-----

- Balance as an ES6 class.

  - `verifyAssets` to validate unspent coins against a given NEO node. Used to check if balance is fully synced and usable.
  - `applyTx` to apply a spending of a Transaction to the Balance. Allows a Balance to be used to build another Transaction without waiting for sync.
  - Data structure reworked. AssetBalances are now tucked under `assets`. Use `assetSymbols` to discover the keys for lookup.

  ```js
  // This array contains all the symbols of the assets available in this Balance
  balance.assetSymbols = ['NEO', 'GAS']
  // Lookup assets using their symbols
  balance.assets = {
    NEO: {balance: 1, unspent: [ Object ], spent: [], unconfirmed: []}
    GAS: {balance: 25.1, unspent: [ Object ], spent: [], unconfirmed: []}
  }
  ```

- Added `doTransferToken` to `api/nep5`
- Unit tests for `utils`
- Typescript typings fixed

2.0.0
-----

- Package exports semantic style

  - Default export is now a semantic object that follows the convention of Verb-Noun.
  - Verbs available are : `get`, `create`, `serialize`, `deserialize`, `is`. Read the `index.js` file of each module to know what they export.
  - Modules are individually available as named exports. If you just need account methods, `import { wallet } from '@cityofzion/neon-js'`

- Constants and util methods are now exported as

  ```js
  import Neon from '@cityofzion/neon-js'
  Neon.CONST.DEFAULT_RPC
  Neon.u.reverseHex

  import { CONST, u } from '@cityofzion/neon-js'
  CONST.DEFAULT_RPC
  u.reverseHex
  ```

- Wallet

  - Account is now available as a class instead of a JS object. Account is now the recommended way to manage keys.
  - Removed `getAccountFromWIFKey` and `getAccountFromPrivateKey`
  - Key manipulation methods streamlined to the minimum. No more `getAddressFromPrivateKey`.  Methods now only transform the key one level.
  - Key verification methods fully implemented for every possible key format. Follows convention of `isKeyFormat`.

- Transaction

  - Transaction is now an ES6 class instead of a JS object. Transaction is now the recommended way to construct and manipulate transactions.
  - Refactor methods to utilise the new Transaction class.
  - Removed `publicKey` argument from create Transaction methods as address is sufficient for generating scriptHash.
  - Add human-friendly method for creating TransactionOutput.
  - Ability to add a remark to Transaction through `addRemark`

- RPC

  - RPCClient class models a NEO Node. Instantiate with `Neon.create.rpcClient(url)`. Comes with built-in methods for RPC calls.
  - Query class models a RPC call. Instantiate with `Neon.create.query()`. Comes with built-in methods for RPC calls.

- API

  - neon-wallet-db API is shifted to `api` folder.
  - Added coinmarketcap query support for easy price queries.
  - Token query (NEP5) is shifted here.
  - Neoscan support added.
  - Hardware support integrated as external signingFunction provided as argument.
  - New core api methods: sendAsset, claimGas and doInvoke.

- SC

  - `generateDeployScript` in `sc` is a wrapper for generating a deploy script.
  - ContractParam added to support `invoke` and `invokefunction` RPC calls.
